# Software-Security

1. Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address?
      Artemis Financial is a company that helps create financial plans for their clients. Plans for retirement, savings and inheritance. The main issue the company wanted to fix is that they wanted to use the most up to date software to prevent cyber attck and boost their software secruity.
2. What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?
     One thing I did well was use and interpert the vulnerabilty tool. It is important to code securely for a few reasons. The first reason is that if there is an error with the code it can be identified easily. A second reason to code securely is that it can prevent a lot of issues. One issue it can prevent is error handling. If a company adds software security, it can help it keep a good reputation. If a company is known to have its data stolen, it does not look good and people may trust it less.
3. Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
     The most helpful part was the vulnerabilty tool that creates a html. This was helpful because it told me each vulnerability and how to fix or supress it.     
 4.How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
     One way to increase the layer of secruity was to add error handling. If not delt with correctly, data my be leaked due to an error log or an output. By making sure thats secure, when an error happens, it prevetns data from being leaked in plaintext.
   5. How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
        One way I checked to see if my refactored code worked was rerun the maven dependecy tool. This created an html with the list of different vulunerabilites. I was able to see which ones I could fix, fix the code and rerun it to see if it was still there or resolved.  6. What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
      One tool I used was youtube. This was helpful because if I ws stuck on some code or did not understand a vulnerability, youtube had the answers and clues to help.
   7.Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
      One thing I would want to show my employers is my refactored code. This shows I identified the orginal issues, and I was able to fix them. It also shows that I was able to make sure it was correct by rerunning the vulnerability checker.      
